Added info on where to get python libraries (#21)
uyuni-project/terracumber: README.md

- [pyhcl](https://pypi.org/project/pyhcl/) module installed
- [paramiko](https://www.paramiko.org/) module installed
- [pygit2](https://www.pygit2.org/) module installed
- Terraform

> paramiko is part of the base system packages. pyhcl and pygit2 are packaged in the [Uyuni utils](https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/systemsmanagement:/Uyuni:/Utils/SLE_15_SP4/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`paramiko` is usually part of the base system packages. `pyhcl` and `pygit2` are packaged in the [Uyuni utils](https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/systemsmanagement:/Uyuni:/Utils/) repository.
```
Let's make it generic for everyone, as not everyone is using SLE15 :-)

Author: ok

> `paramiko` is usually part of the base system packages. `pyhcl` and `pygit2` are packaged in the [Uyuni utils](https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/systemsmanagement:/Uyuni:/Utils/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`paramiko` is usually part of the base system packages. `pyhcl` and `pygit2` are packaged in the [Uyuni utils](https://download.opensuse.org/repositories/systemsmanagement:/Uyuni:/Utils/) repository.
```
